Apricot, Cornmeal, and Sage Cookies
Source: Gourmet (via Epicurious)
Date: August 20, 2004
Rating: 4.4/5 (53 reviews)

Yield: Makes about 18 cookies

INGREDIENTS
-----------
1 stick (1/2 cup) unsalted butter, softened well
3/4 cup sugar
1 large egg
3/4 cup plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
1/4 cup chopped dried apricots
2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh sage leaves
1/2 cup cornmeal
1/2 teaspoon salt

PREPARATION
-----------
Step 1
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. and lightly grease 2 baking sheets.

Step 2
In a bowl whisk together butter, sugar, and egg until smooth. Sift in flour and baking soda and add apricots, sage, cornmeal, and salt, stirring until combined.

Step 3
Drop tablespoons of dough about 1 inch apart onto baking sheets and bake in batches in middle of oven 10 minutes, or until pale golden. Cool cookies on sheets 2 minutes and transfer to a rack to cool.

Tags: Cookie, Dessert, Dried Apricot, Dried Fruit, Fruit, Sage, Herbs & Spices, Cornmeal, Flour, Nut Free, Quick, Easy, Baking

SELECTED REVIEWS
----------------
storypixel9467 (6 years ago):
"it's incredible, use fresh sage if you can and highest quality no-sugar-added apricots e.g. trader joe's organic turkish unsulphured"

robynruffi (5 years ago):
"I have been making these cookies for a while now and they never disappoint! The sage adds and earthy element that enhances the apricots and the cornmeal gives them a wonderful bit of crunch. These are my son's favorite cookie. They also are great with a glass wine."

Elinor L. (3 years ago):
"A favorite cookie, but I confess, I prefer it without the sage. It has a wonderful texture, and the apricot-cornmeal combo is original enough for me."

Equanimous (12 years ago):
"Very tasty and yummy but Way too sweet. I would cut the sugar by 1/4 cup."

aperloe (12 years ago):
"So, so good. The sage gives the cookies a really unique taste, yet they're not over the top. They're great for potlucks, picnic, BBQs, etc., since they're a mix between sweet and savory, and no one else will bring the same thing. I really love these."

kldckldc (12 years ago):
"Darn good cookies made as written in recipe. In fact, my hair stylist requests these cookies instead of a tip! Use the finer cornmeal and you will be fine. This recipe doubles well."

JEN_CARLILE (13 years ago):
"I've been making these cookies for years and love them. However, this last batch I used coarse cornmeal and it was a MISTAKE -- cornmeal was gritty and undercooked. Regular cornmeal works wonderfully though"
